sales	sale s
oppressor	oppress or
wipes	wipe s
bashfully	bashful ly
felicitous	felicit ous
cerebrum	cerebrum
cents'	cent s '
stringing	string ing
revertible	revert ible
cereal's	cereal 's
disorientation	dis orient at ion
muzzled	muzzl ed
chocolates	chocolate s
alter	alter
man-eating	man - eating
vacillation	vacillat ion
jell-o's	jell-o 's
illness'	ill ness '
methods	method s
trespass	trespass
withhold	with hold
years'	year s '
mitigate	mitigate
railway's	rail way 's
undertaker's	under tak er 's
hothouse	hot house
slotted	slott ed
strafed	straf ed
bluster's	bluster 's
dinner-service	dinn er - serv ice
off-white's	off - white 's
right	right
returns'	re turn s '
tribunal's	tribun al 's
chronically	chronic ally
protestants	protest ant s
professorships	profess or ship s
jungles	jungle s
mizzen	mizzen
chlorine	chlorine
sandalwood	sandal wood
suburbanite	sub urban ite
winced	winc ed
freighted	freight ed
punch	punch
algeria	algeria
pupa	pupa
describable	describ able
bowels'	bowel s '
bravura	bravura
nicked	nick ed
computations	comput ation s
prevented	prevent ed
tie-on	tie - on
precepts	precept s
harbours	harbour s
sweet's	sweet 's
badly-off	bad ly - off
snob's	snob 's
puts	put s
fauna	fauna
attitude's	attitude 's
gourmands	gourmand s
arrangements	arrange ment s
schoolmistress'	school mistress '
mind-reader	mind - read er
interposing	inter pos ing
matriarchal	matriarch al
betrayal	betray al
reins'	rein s '
quieter	quiet er
footfalls	foot fall s
amhara	amhara
money-grubber	money - grubb er
tureen	tureen
drumheads	drum head s
unseemly	un seem ly
beauticians'	beaut ician s '
entreating	entreat ing
looking-glasses	looking - glass es
gamecocks	game cock s
reek's	reek 's
potter	pott er
standardizes	standard ize s
foresees	fore see s
motorbikes	motor bi ke s
summaries	summari es
hitchhiker's	hitch hik er 's
hi-fi	hi - fi
dandled	dandl ed
prophesy	prophesy
stalwart	stalwart
stagecoach's	stage coach 's
underscore	under score
gawping	gawp ing
lustiness	lust i ness
measurably	measur ab ly
saleroom	sale room
vast	vast
photo's	photo 's
glows	glow s
murals'	mural s '
purport	purport
peel's	peel 's
earthbound	earth bound
coach	coach
telegraph	tele graph
berthing	berth ing
recommendations'	re commend ation s '
tartars'	tartar s '
luckless	luck less
toothaches	tooth ache s
heartburn	heart burn
romantic's	romant ic 's
capsicums	capsicum s
unadopted	un adopted
motorize	motor ize
cliched	clich ed
pianolas	pianola s
mediterranean	mediterranean
revivalist	reviv al ist
prorogation	prorog ation
subsequently	sub sequent ly
remorsefully	remorse ful ly
storerooms	store room s
sheilas	sheila s
luridness	lurid ness
shogun	shogun
smooched	smooch ed
pastorals	pastor al s
penetrates	penetrate s
refracts	refract s
hap's	hap 's
poofs	poof s
mascot	mascot
bit	bit
rockiness	rock i ness
mathematician's	mathematic ian 's
switching	switch ing
citron's	citron 's
regressive	regress ive
reserved	reserv ed
hurricanes'	hurricane s '
blinkers	blink er s
rail-car	rail - car
shays'	shay s '
stocking	stock ing
kids	kid s
overlapped	over lapp ed
intimating	intimat ing
worse	worse
interchanged	inter chang ed
romanticists	romant ic ist s
unprofessionally	un profess ion al ly
fanciers'	fanci er s '
bane	bane
navies'	navi es '
joker	jok er
steamship	steam ship
tempter	tempt er
snobs'	snob s '
plucky	pluck y
embossing	em boss ing
trellising	trellis ing
crocodile's	crocodile 's
tutting	tutt ing
cornered	corner ed
dressings'	dressing s '
