bunkhouses	bunk house s
beheld	beheld
hardest-hearted	hardest - heart ed
knesset	knesset
baccalaureate	baccalaureate
carriages	carri age s
blinder's	blind er 's
dissolute	dissolute
haloes	halo es
trumpeters	trump et er s
sunroof	sun roof
louvred	louvr ed
meetinghouse	meeting house
prodded	prodd ed
sequel's	sequel 's
analyst	anal yst
fistulas	fistula s
paprika	paprika
strung	strung
illness's	ill ness 's
flurried	flurri ed
gross'	gross '
criers	cri er s
furthering	further ing
cover	cover
substandard	sub standard
buckles'	buckle s '
park	park
rein's	rein 's
cognate	cognate
boundaries	bound ari es
embellishing	embellish ing
launches'	launch es '
movers'	mov er s '
regulations	regulat ion s
rocker's	rock er 's
training	train ing
business'	busi ness '
mandate's	mandate 's
freaking	freak ing
ninnies	ninni es
lurchers	lurch er s
vassals	vassal s
bribery	brib ery
gangers	gang er s
halt	halt
benefactor's	benefactor 's
se	se
placement	place ment
assets	asset s
washstands	wash stand s
extensiveness	extens ive ness
wiltons	wilton s
reduce	reduce
elder	elder
cults	cult s
shenanigans	shenanigan s
trivialized	trivial iz ed
madeira's	madeira 's
squeakers	squeak er s
intensely	in tense ly
demoralize	de moral ize
hoarfrost	hoar frost
toting	tot ing
squints	squint s
middle-distance	middle - dist ance
coincidences	coincid ence s
twin's	twin 's
powered	power ed
gibraltarian	gibraltar ian
toward	to ward
overlapping	over lapp ing
joggling	jogg l ing
salvoes	salvo es
monogamous	monogam ous
juveniles	juvenile s
shoplifts	shop lift s
bearer	bear er
washerwoman	wash er woman
caucuses	caucus es
sinking-fund	sinking - fund
marsh's	marsh 's
tests	test s
layers'	lay er s '
rationalist	rational ist
unseemliness	un seem li ness
fizzled	fizz l ed
influentially	influent ial ly
spread	spread
astronomers'	astr onom er s '
punic	punic
joinery	join ery
disorders	dis order s
gaiter's	gaiter 's
welshing	welsh ing
under	under
peri	peri
sea-lion	sea - lion
flat-footed	flat - foot ed
whitecaps	white cap s
talking-points	talking - point s
having	hav ing
puritanism	pur it an ism
gawp	gawp
glides	glide s
blabber	blabb er
mane	mane
serpents'	serpent s '
turncoats	turn coat s
putrefy	putrefy
skimmed-milk	skimmed - milk
curatorships	curator ship s
numskulls	num skull s
describe	describe
schedules	schedule s
matter's	matter 's
world-weary	world - weary
torturers	tortur er s
training's	training 's
remunerated	remunerat ed
warlike	war like
congress's	congress 's
phaetons	phaeton s
extemporaneously	ex temporan eous ly
derv	derv
dreamier	dream i er
habitues	habitue s
counterfeiting	counterfeit ing
unabridged	un abridged
skulked	skulk ed
onetime	one time
arbitrariness'	arbitr ari ness '
contingency	conting ency
stationer	station er
ex-serviceman	ex - serv ice man
undone	un done
accents'	accent s '
discovery's	dis cov ery 's
heavies	heav i es
symbolically	symbol ic ally
transient	transient
insulation's	insulat ion 's
test-drives	test - drive s
geldings	gelding s
choked	chok ed
idolizing	idol iz ing
fresher	fresh er
falsehoods'	false hood s '
slices	slice s
waken	wak en
sinfully	sin ful ly
challenger's	challeng er 's
films	film s
toe-cap	toe - cap
gibbon	gibbon
wood's	wood 's
walk-up	walk - up
speculated	speculat ed
crookedness	crooked ness
foot-faulting	foot - fault ing
buffets	buffet s
triads	triad s
smoother	smooth er
facet's	facet 's
placed	plac ed
tackles	tackle s
precipitates	precipitate s
salt's	salt 's
