vouchsafed	vouch saf ed
negative	negat ive
annotations	an not at ion s
torpedos	torpedo s
coxswain	coxswain
lofted	loft ed
forbidden	forbidden
pulled	pull ed
classless	class less
tusks	tusk s
eels	eel s
numerable	numer able
ruinously	ruin ous ly
stream	stream
strangulation	strangul at ion
coinage	coin age
precarious	precarious
crossings'	crossing s '
responsibilities	respons ibil iti es
negations	negat ion s
handsaws	hand saw s
hookworms	hook worm s
dispassionate	dis passion ate
tugboats	tug boat s
patriot's	patriot 's
impersonators	im person at or s
scantier	scant i er
presence	pres ence
salad-dressings	salad - dressing s
reminder	re mind er
deciphering	de cipher ing
misled	mis led
therapies	therapi es
motor-coach	motor - coach
armour-clad	arm our - clad
swede	swede
piglet	pig let
squeaker	squeak er
merely	mere ly
banshees	banshee s
chauvinism	chauvinism
thematic	them atic
vileness	vile ness
long-time	long - time
cross-talk	cross - talk
workhorse	work horse
batsmen	bat s men
sip	sip
machismo	machismo
ministration	ministr ation
shay's	shay 's
confinement	confine ment
silo	silo
betrays	betray s
ceaseless	cease less
livestock's	live stock 's
trainable	train able
tollgates	toll gate s
have-nots	have - not s
wearers	wear er s
jazzes	jazz es
idem	idem
crow	crow
movers	mov er s
sip's	sip 's
celery	celery
stage-whispers	stage - whisper s
headboards	head board s
saturn's	saturn 's
bouncers'	bounc er s '
precept	precept
mast's	mast 's
peris	peri s
totem-pole	totem - pole
dudes	dude s
tract	tract
standpoint	stand point
babus	babu s
respecters	respect er s
sips	sip s
begets	be get s
hydrotherapy	hydro therapy
entitling	entitl ing
swedes	swede s
sped	sped
carpetbagger	carpetbagger
premises	premise s
nobbling	nobbl ing
attendants	attend ant s
magistrates'	magistrate s '
buffeted	buffet ed
ingots'	ingot s '
alongside	a long side
nasal	nasal
relics	relic s
healing	heal ing
duvets	duvet s
clean-cut	clean - cut
caddie	caddie
banquets	banquet s
hooker's	hook er 's
hew	hew
graphical	graph ical
supposed	suppos ed
guardians	guard ian s
prognoses	prognoses
trespasser	trespass er
convicts	convict s
proviso	proviso
statements'	state ment s '
showering	shower ing
predictions	predict ion s
singers	sing er s
judgement	judge ment
espouses	espouse s
disciplined	disciplin ed
cauliflower's	cauliflower 's
industry	industry
forward-looking	forward - looking
persuadable	persuad able
bulky	bulk y
simulates	simulate s
actress'	act r ess '
bread-and-butter	bread-and-butter
foresaw	fore saw
deplorable	deplor able
yeast	yeast
temper	temper
heron	heron
catastrophe	catastrophe
joyless	joy less
aegis's	aegis 's
test's	test 's
unseats	un seat s
jesuitical	jesuit ical
aggrandizement	ag grand ize ment
licked	lick ed
prod	prod
infamies	infami es
necklace	neck lace
gladness	glad ness
cankered	canker ed
sicilian's	sicili an 's
taunts	taunt s
discipline	discipline
isolationism	isolat ion ism
cusp	cusp
shank's	shank 's
aims	aim s
persuasive	per suas ive
extensions	extens ion s
sybaritic	sybar it ic
lineman	line man
flabbergasts	flabbergast s
republics	republic s
holographs	holograph s
brushes'	brush es '
inviolate	in violate
samplers	sampl er s
dehumanize	de human ize
abusing	ab us ing
inanity	inan ity
quangos	quango s
modelling	modell ing
outer	out er
fords	ford s
stewards	steward s
poorhouses	poor house s
houses	house s
puns	pun s
urchins	urchin s
furred	furr ed
foppish	fopp ish
scholarly	schol ar ly
anyhow	any how
roll-on	roll - on
pressured	press ur ed
undertaking's	undertaking 's
stinting	stint ing
denationalized	de nation al iz ed
pantheons	pantheon s
perceptibly	percept ib ly
feasts	feast s
beachhead	beach head
concordant	concord ant
elite's	elite 's
morn's	morn 's
repressiveness	re press ive ness
lore's	lore 's
brushes	brush es
cross-country	cross - country
rationalization	rational iz ation
toted	tot ed
plaids	plaid s
buckled	buckl ed
watercourses	water course s
frivolous	frivolous
zodiac	zodiac
hardbacked	hard back ed
mantis	mantis
revoking	revok ing
earplugs	ear plug s
sabah	sabah
coinages	coin age s
gibbons'	gibbon s '
honduras'	honduras '
linguist's	linguist 's
survivor's	surviv or 's
hydroponic	hydroponic
distasteful	dis taste ful
strode	strode
realty's	real ty 's
embalmer	em balm er
grocer's	grocer 's
settler's	settl er 's
attenuating	attenuat ing
mild's	mild 's
ovals	oval s
zany's	zany 's
mirthfully	mirth ful ly
snappishly	snapp ish ly
victors'	victor s '
triviality	trivial ity
prearrangements	pre arrange ment s
summarizing	summar iz ing
sceptics	sceptic s
sopping	sopp ing
culprit	culprit
resonant	reson ant
misunderstanding	mis understand ing
cramped	cramp ed
attorney	attorn ey
challenged	challeng ed
migraines	migraine s
non-profit-making	non-profit-making
finalizes	final ize s
buildings'	building s '
tenable	tenable
freshman	fresh man
outskirts	out skirts
quake's	quake 's
launching	launch ing
apart	a part
fickle	fickle
libber	libb er
archetypal	archetyp al
abounded	abound ed
ignominiously	ignomini ous ly
corroborated	corroborat ed
importer	import er
ironies	ironi es
pieta	pieta
earthiness'	earth i ness '
ironic	iron ic
worsened	wors en ed
cable's	cable 's
eel	eel
past	past
ruffles	ruffle s
quasar's	quas ar 's
right-handed	right - hand ed
suffuses	suffuse s
liberal's	liberal 's
hesse's	hesse 's
improvised	improvis ed
archaisms	archa ism s
bestir	be stir
deluded	delud ed
bearings'	bearing s '
overthrow	over throw
defames	de fame s
insensitivity	in sensitiv ity
augmented	augment ed
folklore	folk lore
controls	control s
momma's	momma 's
fountain's	fountain 's
declamations	de clam ation s
mosque	mosque
tangible	tangible
growers'	grow er s '
heeding	heed ing
griffon	griffon
trendiness'	trend i ness '
fluffy	fluff y
winner	winn er
bequeath	bequeath
frowns	frown s
nostalgia	nostalgia
centenarians	centenari an s
photogravure	photo gravure
outcomes	out come s
schnitzels	schnitzel s
exit	exit
anyplace	any place
clews	clew s
malversation	malversation
sacristan	sacrist an
exorbitance	exorbit ance
disservice	dis serv ice
compromises	compromise s
reconciliations	re conciliat ion s
sackbuts	sackbut s
do-gooders	do - good er s
pottered	potter ed
dos'	do s '
fluid's	fluid 's
handpick	hand pick
silents'	silent s '
rejuvenation	re juven at ion
misgivings'	mis giving s '
antenna	antenna
tenor's	tenor 's
maxis	maxi s
shoestring's	shoe string 's
skirl	skirl
designer's	design er 's
fireproofed	fire proof ed
teasel	teasel
linden	linden
rebinds	re bind s
importers'	import er s '
morale	morale
nudists'	nud ist s '
bump's	bump 's
wearied	weari ed
frolicsome	frolic some
mollycoddles	molly coddle s
honduras	honduras
left's	left 's
carriage	carri age
cyclops'	cyclops '
imports	import s
manicure	manicure
bays	bay s
ribald	ribald
fickleness	fickle ness
castrates	castrate s
redcaps	red cap s
watch-chains	watch - chain s
low-keyed	low - key ed
needlewoman	needle woman
completed	complet ed
horseshoe	horse shoe
ameliorate	ameliorate
remorseful	remorse ful
timbres	timbre s
warehouses'	ware house s '
criminal	crimin al
phi's	phi 's
yeasty	yeast y
lines	line s
tartaric	tartar ic
regulators	regulat or s
hitches	hitch es
ravine	ravine
hamstrings	ham string s
cheerful	cheer ful
tarrying	tarry ing
scribbling	scribbl ing
reshuffling	re shuffl ing
hebraic	hebra ic
mixtures	mixt ure s
dictatorial	dictat or ial
danny	danny
protestants'	protest ant s '
kirks'	kirk s '
slacking	slack ing
self-will	self - will
personas	persona s
soft-pedalled	soft - pedall ed
corsages	corsage s
triplex's	triplex 's
adjudged	ad judg ed
knuckles'	knuckle s '
dictators'	dictat or s '
dedicating	dedicat ing
hemispheres	hemisphere s
timpanist	timpan ist
funded	fund ed
co-ops	co - op s
gatecrasher	gate crash er
actions	act ion s
protractor	protract or
radiotherapist	radio therap ist
caricaturists	caricatur ist s
daiquiris	daiquiri s
bowler	bowl er
plaice	plaice
concession	concess ion
redressed	re dress ed
townswomen	town s women
anatomy	anatomy
abrogate	abrogate
fourpenny	four penny
entitlement	entitle ment
rectangles	rectangle s
climaxes	climax es
tramples	tramp le s
ford's	ford 's
voteless	vote less
researchers	re search er s
perches'	perch es '
rum's	rum 's
cathode	cathode
archdeacons	arch deacon s
stable	stable
sodium	sod ium
blinks	blink s
hotfoot	hot foot
put-ons	put - on s
indescribable	in describ able
shoplifters	shop lift er s
unhooks	un hook s
yowling	yowl ing
derogating	derogat ing
reappearance	re appear ance
stodgy	stodg y
shenanigan	shenanigan
sideswipes	side swipe s
eating-place	eating - place
saxons'	saxon s '
centrals	centr al s
frivolities	frivol iti es
season's	season 's
spasmodic	spasmod ic
sacristans	sacrist an s
quixote	quixote
laps	lap s
archways	arch way s
mantels	mantel s
projectionists'	project ion ist s '
beginner's	beginn er 's
salon's	salon 's
cashiers	cash ier s
drunkenly	drunk en ly
kneecaps	knee cap s
hurricane's	hurricane 's
laboratories'	laboratori es '
bagpipes	bag pipe s
visas	visa s
precedes	precede s
limitation's	limit ation 's
undergrad	under grad
pullman	pullman
pea	pea
incumbency	incumb ency
referendum	referendum
pugnacity	pugnac ity
scorecards	score card s
region	region
pled	pled
detraction	detract ion
risings	rising s
continental's	contin ent al 's
fire-eater	fire - eat er
venezuela	venezuela
recrudescence	recrudesc ence
sun's	sun 's
cankers	canker s
tamped	tamp ed
equerry's	equerry 's
countrified	countr ifi ed
roundabouts	round about s
bailed	bail ed
vilified	vil ifi ed
sidings	siding s
jollies	jolli es
persuasively	per suas ive ly
palatable	palat able
divorcee	divorc ee
trying	try ing
airspeed	air speed
prefect's	prefect 's
corinthian	corinth ian
ledge	ledge
transmogrification	transmogrific ation
conclusive	conclus ive
influencing	influenc ing
complimented	compliment ed
two-way	two - way
flitted	flitt ed
domesticating	domestic at ing
warmer	warm er
infelicities	in felic iti es
orbs	orb s
isolate	isolate
chaperoning	chaperon ing
robin's	robin 's
provokingly	provoking ly
embeds	em bed s
lord	lord
inundate	inundate
impregnable	impregnable
sixthly	six th ly
criminally	crimin al ly
bows'	bow s '
ribaldry	ribald ry
short-circuit	short - circuit
soap's	soap 's
four-wheeler	four - wheel er
outworks	out work s
babel's	babel 's
knife's	knife 's
breech	breech
warders	ward er s
equalizes	equal ize s
kip's	kip 's
marshiest	marsh i est
reseat	re seat
coveting	covet ing
choicest	choic est
kitchenette's	kitchen ette 's
centuries	centuri es
community	commun ity
want-ad	want - ad
leggings	legg ing s
bondholder's	bond hold er 's
purred	purr ed
clotheshorse	clothes horse
saxophone	sax o phone
apartment's	a part ment 's
brushwood	brush wood
throwaways	throw a way s
twits	twit s
sulphides	sulph ide s
pianos	piano s
collapse	col lapse
misfits	mis fit s
pegged	pegg ed
reruns'	re run s '
pellet	pellet
alumnus'	alumnus '
fielder's	field er 's
mane's	mane 's
backpedal	back pedal
broadminded	broad mind ed
acquisitions'	acquis ition s '
permafrost	perma frost
poofy	poof y
pontificate	pontific ate
ends'	end s '
gladdens	gladd en s
firepower	fire power
sucrose	sucrose
fountains'	fountain s '
chancellor	chancellor
incipient	incipient
lapwing	lap wing
vicunas	vicuna s
palate's	palate 's
dissimilar	dis similar
regulators'	regulat or s '
gladiator	gladiator
palish	pal ish
whispers	whisper s
monophonic	mono phon ic
seychellois	seychellois
wreaking	wreak ing
pizza	pizza
chronic	chronic
lotus's	lotus 's
gored	gor ed
harridans	harridan s
seasonings'	seasoning s '
totem-poles	totem - pole s
witnessing	witness ing
buffalo's	buffalo 's
blimpish	blimp ish
conservationist's	conserv ation ist 's
pulsed	puls ed
eschewed	eschew ed
bribes'	bribe s '
ventriloquists	ventriloqu ist s
authors	author s
heartbroken	heart broken
unreserved	un reserved
junctions	junction s
rowdies	rowdi es
disregarded	dis regard ed
centralized	centr al iz ed
cabal's	cabal 's
bullshit	bull shit
firestorms	fire storm s
disagrees	dis agree s
taxiing	taxi ing
memento's	memento 's
footage	foot age
date	date
capsicum	capsicum
muscovites	muscov ite s
adultery	adult ery
lifeboats	life boat s
imponderable	im ponder able
gaiters'	gaiter s '
wisdom	wis dom
larval	larv al
time-limits	time - limit s
fawn	fawn
arbitration's	arbitrat ion 's
berths	berth s
prepackaged	pre pack ag ed
workmanlike	work man like
ewers'	ewer s '
diciest	dic i est
ingredients	ingredient s
adversaries	advers ari es
rollicked	rollick ed
coddle	coddle
sea-legs	sea - legs
equipped	equipp ed
temporizing	temporiz ing
hyperbolical	hyperbol ical
meritocracies	merit o craci es
sevenths	seven th s
plumbed	plumb ed
fame	fame
crayoning	crayon ing
saltiness	salt i ness
nut	nut
lachrymose	lachrymose
bounteously	bount eous ly
reducing	reduc ing
slickly	slick ly
liquefying	liquefy ing
ham	ham
pottages	pott age s
faults	fault s
pamphlet's	pamphlet 's
scoreboard's	score board 's
donates	donate s
fistula	fistula
gull's	gull 's
surliest	surli est
turning-points	turning - point s
toe	toe
ill-omened	ill - omen ed
upstairs	up stairs
geese	geese
cheeks'	cheek s '
airline	air line
bolshevism's	bolshev ism 's
farmers	farm er s
bilinguals	bi lingual s
cheeky	cheek y
physiognomy	physiognomy
praises	praise s
theodolite	theodolite
waistbands	waist band s
mizzenmast	mizzen mast
funds'	fund s '
dangles	dangle s
tow's	tow 's
elderberries	elder berri es
floes	floe s
ordains	ordain s
seventeen's	seven teen 's
salesclerk's	sales clerk 's
frisian	frisian
meadows'	meadow s '
devaluation	de valu at ion
atomize	atom ize
regression	regress ion
sang	sang
casually	casual ly
chase's	chase 's
acupuncture	acupuncture
amnesia's	amnesia 's
negotiations	negotiat ion s
gumshoe's	gum shoe 's
oilrig	oil rig
poser	pos er
madeira	madeira
eaves	eaves
battery	battery
roughhouse	rough house
password	pass word
streakers	streak er s
remunerate	remunerate
claws	claw s
louvres	louvre s
ame	ame
triumvirate	triumvir ate
invalidated	in valid at ed
garbage-can	garbage - can
bethel's	bethel 's
guard	guard
accorded	accord ed
perforated	perforat ed
radioactivity	radio act iv ity
horrid	horrid
grandad	gran dad
numismatic	numismatic
algerians	algeri an s
nourishes	nourish es
flambeau	flambeau
agelessness	age less ness
over-produce	over - produce
sufficient	suffici ent
overheads'	over head s '
outback's	out back 's
bite	bite
copilot	co pilot
alarm's	alarm 's
whiners'	whin er s '
try-out	try - out
bane's	bane 's
anorexia	anorexia
disregarding	dis regard ing
headlamp	head lamp
distiller	distill er
menacing	menac ing
waistcoats	waist coat s
bourse's	bourse 's
dandies	dandi es
nipples	nipple s
threshing	thresh ing
denuding	de nud ing
chokes	choke s
rack's	rack 's
giraffe's	giraffe 's
raisins	raisin s
wombs	womb s
defrosters	de frost er s
flattops	flat top s
bock	bock
cusps	cusp s
videotape	video tape
serially	seri al ly
helplessness	help less ness
workshop	work shop
cacao	cacao
natures	nature s
jollifications	joll ific ation s
charging	charg ing
cheerfully	cheer ful ly
inanities	inan iti es
diplomatically	diplomat ic ally
clay's	clay 's
bulldozers'	bull doz er s '
coffee	coffee
ted's	ted 's
distilling	distill ing
tournaments'	tournament s '
pilot	pilot
terrified	terr ifi ed
conferred	conferr ed
beachwear	beach wear
tornados	tornado s
topazes	topaz es
debriefed	de brief ed
workbooks	work book s
graduates'	graduate s '
spreads	spread s
contempt	contempt
primaries	prim ari es
chain-gang	chain - gang
coffees	coffee s
defectors	defect or s
undertakers'	under tak er s '
bedsore	bed sore
folk-dance	folk - dance
agreeing	agree ing
capitulating	capitulat ing
galley's	galley 's
deviancies	devi anci es
angelica's	angelica 's
backbencher	back bench er
skins'	skin s '
motor	motor
shantytown	shanty town
derogate	derogate
rentals'	rent al s '
transcendency	transcend ency
treatable	treat able
tatters	tatt er s
midsummer	mid summer
outdistance	out dist ance
recapitulated	re capitulat ed
scorer's	scor er 's
batiste	batiste
carcinogens	carcino gen s
conflated	conflat ed
sicilians	sicili an s
duellist's	duell ist 's
antimatter	anti matter
diking	dik ing
matrix's	matrix 's
goo's	goo 's
safeguard	safe guard
opinionated	opin ion at ed
ecologist	ec olog ist
khan's	khan 's
aesthete	aesthete
scribble	scribble
smooch	smooch
longbow	long bow
overstock	over stock
vanquished	vanquish ed
speakerships	speak er ship s
popinjay	popinjay
sforzandi	sforzandi
cliches	cliche s
tut	tut
archaism	archa ism
retook	re took
lye	lye
regalia	regalia
billies	billi es
double-basses	double - bass es
viceregal	vice regal
orates	orate s
realigned	re align ed
four-poster	four - post er
housekeeping	house keeping
coteries	coterie s
composing	compos ing
rollick	rollick
vaudeville	vaudeville
cognac	cognac
sure	sure
nobles	noble s
two-ply	two - ply
best-looking	best - looking
standbys	stand by s
bipartite	bi part ite
loon's	loon 's
sensitive	sensitive
exploratory	explor at ory
spaceships	space ship s
zeniths	zenith s
crudities	crud iti es
december's	december 's
pinkish	pink ish
purring	purr ing
homework's	home work 's
archimandrite's	archimandrite 's
kiddies	kidd i es
tomatoes'	tomato es '
knocks'	knock s '
paragon	paragon
statuette	statu ette
fortnight	for t night
nihilistic	nihil ist ic
coxswain's	coxswain 's
searched	search ed
layabouts	lay about s
suffuse	suffuse
squinty	squint y
unheard	un heard
slough	slough
years	year s
electioneering	elect ion eer ing
prunes	prune s
cote's	cote 's
heap	heap
sheered	sheer ed
drips	drip s
shallower	shallow er
ladybug	lady bug
trashiness	trash i ness
serialize	seri al ize
acknowledging	ac knowledg ing
reminds	re mind s
malnutrition	mal nutrition
dumps	dump s
ahead	a head
cursing	curs ing
net's	net 's
deputizes	deput ize s
wedged	wedg ed
insures	in sure s
collectivization	collect iv iz ation
predictor	predict or
unofficially	un offic ial ly
worshipper	worshipp er
accompaniment	ac compani ment
parasols	parasol s
snook's	snook 's
rebuilding	re build ing
ablatives	ablative s
frugality	frugal ity
breakfasted	break fast ed
adder's	adder 's
defendants	defend ant s
roundsman	round s man
substantiate	substanti ate
rampant	ramp ant
reposed	re pos ed
keelhauls	keel haul s
oboe	oboe
gipsies'	gipsi es '
roadbeds	road bed s
wary	wary
plectrums	plectrum s
psyche	psyche
explorations	explor ation s
knee-high	knee - high
stayers	stay er s
accompanied	ac compani ed
shogun's	shogun 's
muzzle's	muzzle 's
cat-o'-nine-tails	cat-o'-nine-tails
overburden	over burden
milder	mild er
boarder's	board er 's
thanksgivings	thanks giving s
roused	rous ed
soda-fountain	soda - fountain
convertibles	convert ible s
chivied	chivi ed
orating	orat ing
rowanberry	rowan berry
bearskins	bear skin s
hagiographies	hagiographi es
produced	produc ed
proconsul	pro consul
muscovy	muscovy
oval's	oval 's
warming	warm ing
precipitating	precipitat ing
katydid	katydid
kneeing	knee ing
immutably	im mutab ly
batiste's	batiste 's
vulgarized	vulgar iz ed
cul-de-sac's	cul-de-sac 's
agronomy	agronomy
mitts	mitt s
launch	launch
turning	turn ing
fled	fled
hugging	hugg ing
recount	re count
moodiness	mood i ness
rowdiness	rowdi ness
septembers	september s
expletives	expletive s
chart's	chart 's
differential	differ ent ial
proselytizes	proselyt ize s
livelihoods	live li hood s
declaring	declar ing
waxwork	wax work
saxophonist	sax o phon ist
cross-indexing	cross - index ing
lurid	lurid
tape-measure	tape - measure
crematoria	cremat oria
tollgate	toll gate
rococo	rococo
jazzily	jazz i ly
tete-a-tete	tete-a-tete
afire	a fire
symbolization	symbol iz ation
yearbooks	year book s
tasteless	taste less
morale's	morale 's
strafes	strafe s
anthropological	anthrop olog ical
revere	revere
truck	truck
wedging	wedg ing
suffixes	suffix es
taster	tast er
perfumes	per fume s
servers'	serv er s '
pastor	pastor
trestle-tables	trestle - table s
probabilities	probabil iti es
venezuelans	venezuel an s
punishment	punish ment
dynamics'	dynamic s '
repatriating	repatriat ing
halt's	halt 's
prizefighters	prize fight er s
panhandling	pan handl ing
numismatists	numismat ist s
scallops	scallop s
outstays	out stay s
cardinal's	cardinal 's
parliaments'	parliament s '
handmaid's	hand maid 's
egotistically	egot ist ic ally
provisos	proviso s
godparents'	god parent s '
mussed	muss ed
nuisances'	nuisance s '
flabbergasting	flabbergast ing
funds	fund s
disproportionately	dis proportion ate ly
intermediary's	inter medi ary 's
leftist	left ist
tallying	tally ing
reunion's	re un ion 's
debased	debas ed
chairwoman's	chair woman 's
kneads	knead s
cent	cent
decency	dec ency
mantises	mantis es
rumpling	rumpl ing
whoops	whoop s
plopped	plopp ed
bandage	band age
alters	alter s
plight	plight
combustible	combust ible
internationalists'	inter nation al ist s '
bungles	bungle s
testers	test er s
facet	facet
bequeathed	bequeath ed
jarring	jarr ing
transients	transient s
trike	tri ke
hamlets'	hamlet s '
revolt	revolt
seize	seize
concurrences	concurr ence s
rods'	rod s '
displace	dis place
twentieth's	twentie th 's
predisposition	pre dispos ition
cornstarch	corn starch
advantageously	advant age ous ly
grocers	grocer s
overlords	over lord s
victories	vict ori es
declaiming	de claim ing
uneconomical	un ec onom ical
prune	prune
acquisition	acquis ition
matters	matter s
dominated	dominat ed
conformance	con form ance
giant	giant
mushier	mush i er
defeats	defeat s
faster	fast er
compensatory	compensat ory
exculpation	exculpat ion
gipsies	gipsi es
nihilists	nihil ist s
showmanship's	show man ship 's
sturdy	sturdy
toes	toe s
living-space	living - space
propagator	propagat or
dices	dice s
detraining	de train ing
furrier's	furr ier 's
overbalanced	over balanc ed
braggadocio	braggadocio
doubled	doubl ed
orderliness	order li ness
freaks'	freak s '
coolie	coolie
strollers	stroll er s
maltster	malt ster
knitwear's	knit wear 's
surgeon	surgeon
permanencies	perman enci es
corvette	corvette
bonniest	bonni est
animation's	animat ion 's
sniffs	sniff s
streak	streak
stirred	stirr ed
prevaricators	prevaricat or s
volunteer's	volunteer 's
elevations	elevat ion s
proportion	proportion
sou	sou
repealing	repeal ing
combust	combust
porn's	porn 's
industrial	industri al
sterilizing	steril iz ing
polling-booth	polling - booth
omnivorous	omnivorous
coreligionists	co religion ist s
overflows	over flow s
oaks	oak s
touted	tout ed
bootlace	boot lace
flowchart	flow chart
jollities	joll iti es
mastheads	mast head s
aides-memoire	aides-memoire
twenty-one's	twenty - one 's
dutifully	duti ful ly
blusterer	bluster er
conciliating	conciliat ing
pithiest	pith i est
yetis	yeti s
manicurist's	manicur ist 's
similarly	similar ly
cauliflowers	cauliflower s
puce's	puce 's
tangs	tang s
infinitives	infinitive s
dangle	dangle
fault's	fault 's
creativeness	creat ive ness
untangling	un tangl ing
corralled	corrall ed
bookshop's	book shop 's
vineyard	vine yard
statues'	statue s '
solution's	sol ution 's
conceits	conceit s
maroons	maroon s
ledges	ledge s
post-mortem	post-mortem
roundup	round up
schoolgirls'	school girl s '
ballets	ballet s
flirting	flirt ing
poppycock	poppy cock
double-clutch	double - clutch
tripartite	tri part ite
picketed	picket ed
suture	suture
hardware's	hard ware 's
numberplates	number plate s
toilers	toil er s
misappropriate	mis appropriate
cardinals'	cardinal s '
appending	append ing
coterie	coterie
tattlers	tattl er s
deacon's	deacon 's
donation	donat ion
pleased	pleas ed
sterna	sterna
whipping	whipp ing
timbre	timbre
graspingly	grasping ly
disposing	dispos ing
batsman's	bat s man 's
goo	goo
codeine	codeine
rigidity	rigid ity
billies'	billi es '
rocks	rock s
dubbin	dubbin
protestant's	protest ant 's
estimator	estimat or
ironclad	iron clad
phrenologists	phrenolog ist s
plushest	plush est
starkers	starkers
archetype	archetype
bountiful	bounti ful
consul's	consul 's
meditates	meditate s
rigorous	rig or ous
hatcheries	hatch eri es
revels'	revel s '
extreme's	extreme 's
twine's	twine 's
middleman's	middle man 's
maroon	maroon
unseeingly	un seeing ly
rigger	rigg er
plenitude	plenitude
bringing	bring ing
polarize	pol ar ize
versification	vers ific ation
pervading	pervad ing
gumboot	gum boot
institutional	institut ion al
boogie	boogie
underage	under age
briskness	brisk ness
daguerreotypes	daguerreotype s
moistening	moist en ing
anarchists	anarch ist s
spastics'	spast ic s '
visa	visa
postmortems	postmortem s
expletive	expletive
poops'	poop s '
photocopier	photo copi er
profaning	profan ing
skied	ski ed
crikey	crikey
litigates	litigate s
chigger	chigger
warm-hearted	warm - heart ed
propjet	prop jet
defections	defect ion s
settle	settle
instigators	instigat or s
carded	card ed
cuticle	cuticle
witlessness	wit less ness
undies	undies
follow-on	follow - on
treasure	treasure
confiscation	confiscat ion
prepared	prepar ed
asses'	ass es '
money's	money 's
acupuncture's	acupuncture 's
plectrum	plectrum
vastly	vast ly
fairs	fair s
momma	momma
work's	work 's
inaccurately	in accurate ly
rat-a-tat-tat	rat-a-tat-tat
aureola	aureola
forward	forward
mollycoddle	molly coddle
homogenizes	homogenize s
heedlessly	heed less ly
supposedly	supposed ly
gasify	gas ify
conversed	convers ed
forbidding	forbidd ing
ageing	age ing
gaslight	gas light
tangle	tangle
alumni's	alumni 's
koran	koran
catechisms	catechism s
ampere	ampere
speeded	speed ed
hammed	hamm ed
tusk's	tusk 's
own	own
venue	venue
hooks'	hook s '
reface	re face
fortnights	for t night s
germans'	german s '
sanitaria	sanitaria
sheer	sheer
modifications'	modific ation s '
bypassing	by pass ing
fins	fin s
snap	snap
indignities'	in digniti es '
glowering	glower ing
commingle	com mingle
push-ups	push - up s
meetings	meeting s
cognac's	cognac 's
rodeo's	rodeo 's
twangs	twang s
ferment	ferment
warily	wari ly
daddy's	dadd y 's
neighbour's	neighbour 's
prunes'	prune s '
seaborne	sea borne
airlocks	air lock s
roman's	rom an 's
splashes	splash es
behaves	behave s
towelling	towell ing
irony's	irony 's
legacies	lega ci es
showbiz	show biz
duvet's	duvet 's
scullion	scullion
confusion	confus ion
lessens	less en s
alchemists	alchem ist s
toothy	tooth y
unequivocally	un equivocal ly
part-owner	part - own er
tiredness	tired ness
amalgams	amalgam s
mooed	moo ed
breathy	breath y
fig-leaf	fig - leaf
mangling	mangl ing
refracted	refract ed
past's	past 's
ruminated	ruminat ed
zombie's	zombie 's
taboos'	taboo s '
curatorship	curator ship
trafficked	traffick ed
biceps	biceps
junks	junk s
outflow	out flow
expressway	express way
suture's	suture 's
sees'	see s '
outlawing	out law ing
fin	fin
forwarded	forward ed
chlorinates	chlorin ate s
breadwinner	bread winn er
holograph	holograph
poorer	poor er
pontificating	pontific at ing
resists	resist s
giving	giv ing
pretentiously	pret ent ious ly
left-hander	left - hand er
codas	coda s
infidels	infidel s
officeholders'	office hold er s '
infelicitous	in felicit ous
clean-living	clean - living
infamous	in fam ous
oiler's	oil er 's
vanquishes	vanquish es
narrowest	narrow est
entreaty	entreat y
pensioner	pension er
bethel	bethel
curator	curator
fairyland	fairy land
sleazy	sleazy
carton	carton
survivors'	surviv or s '
beating's	beating 's
furrier	furr i er
offstage	off stage
unplaced	un placed
worship	worship
ballets'	ballet s '
gibraltarians	gibraltar ian s
horrifically	horr if ic ally
andante's	andante 's
truce	truce
matrixes	matrix es
lustful	lust ful
proudest	proud est
pests'	pest s '
putrefied	putrefi ed
secretarial	secretari al
chestnuts	chestnut s
psychiatrist's	psychiatr ist 's
choice	choice
militiamen	militia men
badness	bad ness
fences	fence s
repellent	repell ent
pupate	pup ate
serpentine	serpent ine
gladly	glad ly
concurs	concur s
quinine's	quinine 's
